docs/index.md, before:

## Welcome

Nothing special, just welcome :-)

### Posts
- [nushell hack - How nushell plugin system work(2024-04-09)](nu_plugin.md)
- [Network - Ssh hanged if we don't input for a long time(2023-12-19)](ssh_hanged.md)
- [Network - TCP slow start in wireshark(2023-08-29)](tcp_slow_start.md)
- [nushell hack - how nushell module system work(2023-08-02)](nushell_module.md)
- [Network - NFS read write(2023-07-27)](nfs_read_write.md)
- [Network - Subnet and subnet mask(2023-06-23)](subnet_and_subnet_mask.md)
- [nushell hack - How nushell parse from lex tokens to expression (2023-03-04)](nushell_lex_to_expression.md)
- [Some notes about nushell (2023-01-10)](some_notes_about_nushell.md)
- [nushell hack - How nushell parse from input to lex tokens (2023-01-06)](nushell_input_to_tokens.md)
- [Make nushell read binary (2022-08-08)](make_nushell_read_binary.md)
- [Avoid using too much lock in multi threading code(2022-04-18)](avoid_using_too_much_lock_in_multi_threading_code.md)
- [A single introduction to raft(2022-04-14)](a_single_introduction_to_raft.md)
- [Mini note about mutable reference(2021-11-24)](mini_note_about_mutable_reference.md)
- [Writing dockerfile in rust project(2021-10-01)](writing_dockerfile_in_rust_project.md)
- [Why mongodump is fast(2020-12-26)](why_mongodump_is_fast.md)

### [About](about.md)

Commit message:

add input to tokens new version, add source reference to nu_plugin

docs/index.md, after:

## Welcome

Nothing special, just welcome :-)

### Posts
- [nushell hack - How nushell parse from input to lex tokens(new version) (2024-04-09)](nushell_input_to_tokens_new_version.md)
- [nushell hack - How nushell plugin system work(2024-04-09)](nu_plugin.md)
- [Network - Ssh hanged if we don't input for a long time(2023-12-19)](ssh_hanged.md)
- [Network - TCP slow start in wireshark(2023-08-29)](tcp_slow_start.md)
- [nushell hack - how nushell module system work(2023-08-02)](nushell_module.md)
- [Network - NFS read write(2023-07-27)](nfs_read_write.md)
- [Network - Subnet and subnet mask(2023-06-23)](subnet_and_subnet_mask.md)
- [nushell hack - How nushell parse from lex tokens to expression (2023-03-04)](nushell_lex_to_expression.md)
- [Some notes about nushell (2023-01-10)](some_notes_about_nushell.md)
- [nushell hack - How nushell parse from input to lex tokens (2023-01-06)](nushell_input_to_tokens.md)
- [Make nushell read binary (2022-08-08)](make_nushell_read_binary.md)
- [Avoid using too much lock in multi threading code(2022-04-18)](avoid_using_too_much_lock_in_multi_threading_code.md)
- [A single introduction to raft(2022-04-14)](a_single_introduction_to_raft.md)
- [Mini note about mutable reference(2021-11-24)](mini_note_about_mutable_reference.md)
- [Writing dockerfile in rust project(2021-10-01)](writing_dockerfile_in_rust_project.md)
- [Why mongodump is fast(2020-12-26)](why_mongodump_is_fast.md)

### [About](about.md)
