docs/nushell_input_to_tokens.md, before:

# How nushell evaluates user input

I'm always curious if we type something like `^ls -alh`, how does nushell parse my input and execute the command.

This blog will note how nushell evaluates user input.

## High level insight
At high level, the data flow will be something like this:

```
                           lex parse            lite parse                parse
user input command(string) ----------> Tokens ------------->  LiteBlocks ------------> Blocks
```

In detail:
1. `Tokens` are components of user input command, which mainly separate by space, or pipe, or something else
2. Lite parsing converts a stream of tokens to a syntax element structure(`LiteBlock`) that can be parsed.
3. parsing from `LiteBlock` to AST `Block`.

Here are some examples of how nushell parses user input commands:

## Example 1: `^ls -alh out> here11`
- doing lex parsing, here is lex parsing result
```rust
// lex structure:
[
   Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 39486, end: 39489 } },    // token for ^ls
   Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 39490, end: 39494 } },    // token for -alh
   Token { contents: OutGreaterThan, span: Span { start: 39495, end: 39499 } },   // token for out>
   Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 39500, end: 39506 } },    // token for here11
]
```
Span is a special structure indicates the region of token contents, we can get detailed body from span.
As we can see, our lex contains 4 tokens, they are separated by space.

- parse the lex structure into a structure called `LiteBlock`:
```rust
// LiteBlock
LiteBlock {
    block: [
        LitePipeline {
            commands: [
                Command(None, LiteCommand { comments: [], parts: [Span { start: 39486, end: 39489 }, Span { start: 39490, end: 39494 }] }),
                Redirection(Span { start: 39495, end: 39499 }, Stdout, LiteCommand { comments: [], parts: [Span { start: 39500, end: 39506 }] }),
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

After analysing tokens, nushell knows that it's going to be two commands, one is `ls -alh`, the other is redirection indicator `out> here11`.

- Convert from `LiteBlock` to `Block`, here is the block pipelines
```rust
Pipeline {
    elements: [
        Expression(
            None,
            Expression {
                expr:
                    ExternalCall(
                        Expression { expr: String("ls"), span: Span { start: 39487, end: 39489 }, ty: String, custom_completion: None },
                        [Expression { expr: String("-alh"), span: Span { start: 39490, end: 39494 }, ty: String, custom_completion: None }],
                        false
                    ),
                span: Span { start: 39486, end: 39494 },
                ty: Any, custom_completion: None
            }
        ),
        Redirection(Span { start: 39495, end: 39499 }, Stdout, Expression { expr: String("here11"), span: Span { start: 39500, end: 39506 }, ty: String, custom_completion: None }),
    ]
}
```

It contains more information about our commands, our pipeline contains 2 elements:
1. first one is nushell expression, and it contains external call with name "ls" and arguments "-alh"
2. second one is redirection indicator, it tells us that we need to redirect stdout to file "here11".

- Finally nushell will eval given block, during evaluation, it evaluates elements one by one.

## Example 2: `^ls -alh | save --raw a.txt`
- doing lex parse, here is lex parse result
```rust
# lex structure
[
    Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 36960, end: 36963 } }, // token for ^ls
    Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 36964, end: 36968 } }, // token for -alh
    Token { contents: Pipe, span: Span { start: 36969, end: 36970 } }, // token for |
    Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 36971, end: 36975 } }, // token for save
    Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 36976, end: 36981 } }, // token for --raw
    Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 36982, end: 36987 } }  // token for a.txt
]
```
As we can see, our lex contains 6 tokens, they are separated by space and pipe.

- parse the lex structure into a `LiteBlock`:
```rust
# lite block
LiteBlock { block: [
    LitePipeline { commands: [
        Command(
            None,
            LiteCommand { comments: [], parts: [Span { start: 36960, end: 36963 }, Span { start: 36964, end: 36968 }]}
        ),
        Command(
            Some(Span { start: 36969, end: 36970 }),
            LiteCommand { comments: [], parts: [Span { start: 36971, end: 36975 }, Span { start: 36976, end: 36981 }, Span { start: 36982, end: 36987 }] })
    ]}
]}
```

It still contains two commands, one is `^ls -alh`, the other one is `save --raw a.txt`.

- Convert from `LiteBlock` to `Block`, here is the block pipelines
```rust
# debug block pipelines
[
    Pipeline {
        elements: [
            Expression(
                None,
                Expression {
                    expr: ExternalCall(
                        Expression { expr: String("ls"), span: Span { start: 36961, end: 36963 }, ty: String, custom_completion: None },
                        [Expression { expr: String("-alh"), span: Span { start: 36964, end: 36968 }, ty: String, custom_completion: None }],
                        false
                    ),
                    span: Span { start: 36960, end: 36968 }, ty: Any, custom_completion: None }
            ),
            Expression(
                Some(Span { start: 36969, end: 36970 }),
                Expression {
                    expr: Call(Call {
                        decl_id: 202,
                        head: Span { start: 36971, end: 36975 },
                        arguments: [
                            Named((Spanned { item: "raw", span: Span { start: 36976, end: 36981 } }, None, None)),
                            Positional(Expression { expr: Filepath("a.txt"), span: Span { start: 36982, end: 36987 }, ty: String, custom_completion: None })
                        ],
                        redirect_stdout: true,
                        redirect_stderr: false,
                        parser_info: [] }
                    ),
                    span: Span { start: 36971, end: 36987 },
                    ty: Any,
                    custom_completion: None })
        ]
    }
]
```

It contains two elements:
1. first one is nushell expression, it contains external call with name "ls" and arguments "-alh"
2. second one is another nushell expression, it contains internal command, the command have declaration id 202(which is "save" command in our case), and a named argument called "raw", a positional argument with value "a.txt"

- Finally nushell will eval given block, during evaluation, it evaluates elements one by one.

## Reference source code:
1. [eval_source](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/blob/a9bdc655c1fdbad43e811db059bb502c86e16230/crates/nu-cli/src/util.rs#L200) function, it's the main entrypoint in repl.
2. [parse](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/blob/a9bdc655c1fdbad43e811db059bb502c86e16230/crates/nu-parser/src/parser.rs#L5983) function, as we look into the function body, we can see there are two function calls [lex](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/blob/a9bdc655c1fdbad43e811db059bb502c86e16230/crates/nu-parser/src/lex.rs#L286) and [parse_block](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/blob/a9bdc655c1fdbad43e811db059bb502c86e16230/crates/nu-parser/src/parser.rs#L5410).
3. parse_block function accepts lex tokens, and invoke [lite_parse](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/blob/a9bdc655c1fdbad43e811db059bb502c86e16230/crates/nu-parser/src/parser.rs#L5419) to parse from `tokens` to `LiteBlock`, then convert from `LiteBlock` to nushell `Block`.
4. Finally nushell call [eval_block](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/blob/a9bdc655c1fdbad43e811db059bb502c86e16230/crates/nu-cli/src/util.rs#L231) to evaluate `Block`.

Commit message:

add input to tokens new version, add source reference to nu_plugin

docs/nushell_input_to_tokens.md, after:

# How nushell evaluates user input

Disclaim: due to [redirection overhaul](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/pull/11934) pr, this article is out of date, please check [new version](./nushell_input_to_tokens_new_version.md) instead.

--------

I'm always curious if we type something like `^ls -alh`, how does nushell parse my input and execute the command.

This blog will note how nushell evaluates user input.

## High level insight
At high level, the data flow will be something like this:

```
                           lex parse            lite parse                parse
user input command(string) ----------> Tokens ------------->  LiteBlocks ------------> Blocks
```

In detail:
1. `Tokens` are components of user input command, which mainly separate by space, or pipe, or something else
2. Lite parsing converts a stream of tokens to a syntax element structure(`LiteBlock`) that can be parsed.
3. parsing from `LiteBlock` to AST `Block`.

Here are some examples of how nushell parses user input commands:

## Example 1: `^ls -alh out> here11`
- doing lex parsing, here is lex parsing result
```rust
// lex structure:
[
   Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 39486, end: 39489 } },    // token for ^ls
   Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 39490, end: 39494 } },    // token for -alh
   Token { contents: OutGreaterThan, span: Span { start: 39495, end: 39499 } },   // token for out>
   Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 39500, end: 39506 } },    // token for here11
]
```
Span is a special structure indicates the region of token contents, we can get detailed body from span.
As we can see, our lex contains 4 tokens, they are separated by space.

- parse the lex structure into a structure called `LiteBlock`:
```rust
// LiteBlock
LiteBlock {
    block: [
        LitePipeline {
            commands: [
                Command(None, LiteCommand { comments: [], parts: [Span { start: 39486, end: 39489 }, Span { start: 39490, end: 39494 }] }),
                Redirection(Span { start: 39495, end: 39499 }, Stdout, LiteCommand { comments: [], parts: [Span { start: 39500, end: 39506 }] }),
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

After analysing tokens, nushell knows that it's going to be two commands, one is `ls -alh`, the other is redirection indicator `out> here11`.

- Convert from `LiteBlock` to `Block`, here is the block pipelines
```rust
Pipeline {
    elements: [
        Expression(
            None,
            Expression {
                expr:
                    ExternalCall(
                        Expression { expr: String("ls"), span: Span { start: 39487, end: 39489 }, ty: String, custom_completion: None },
                        [Expression { expr: String("-alh"), span: Span { start: 39490, end: 39494 }, ty: String, custom_completion: None }],
                        false
                    ),
                span: Span { start: 39486, end: 39494 },
                ty: Any, custom_completion: None
            }
        ),
        Redirection(Span { start: 39495, end: 39499 }, Stdout, Expression { expr: String("here11"), span: Span { start: 39500, end: 39506 }, ty: String, custom_completion: None }),
    ]
}
```

It contains more information about our commands, our pipeline contains 2 elements:
1. first one is nushell expression, and it contains external call with name "ls" and arguments "-alh"
2. second one is redirection indicator, it tells us that we need to redirect stdout to file "here11".

- Finally nushell will eval given block, during evaluation, it evaluates elements one by one.

## Example 2: `^ls -alh | save --raw a.txt`
- doing lex parse, here is lex parse result
```rust
# lex structure
[
    Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 36960, end: 36963 } }, // token for ^ls
    Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 36964, end: 36968 } }, // token for -alh
    Token { contents: Pipe, span: Span { start: 36969, end: 36970 } }, // token for |
    Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 36971, end: 36975 } }, // token for save
    Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 36976, end: 36981 } }, // token for --raw
    Token { contents: Item, span: Span { start: 36982, end: 36987 } }  // token for a.txt
]
```
As we can see, our lex contains 6 tokens, they are separated by space and pipe.

- parse the lex structure into a `LiteBlock`:
```rust
# lite block
LiteBlock { block: [
    LitePipeline { commands: [
        Command(
            None,
            LiteCommand { comments: [], parts: [Span { start: 36960, end: 36963 }, Span { start: 36964, end: 36968 }]}
        ),
        Command(
            Some(Span { start: 36969, end: 36970 }),
            LiteCommand { comments: [], parts: [Span { start: 36971, end: 36975 }, Span { start: 36976, end: 36981 }, Span { start: 36982, end: 36987 }] })
    ]}
]}
```

It still contains two commands, one is `^ls -alh`, the other one is `save --raw a.txt`.

- Convert from `LiteBlock` to `Block`, here is the block pipelines
```rust
# debug block pipelines
[
    Pipeline {
        elements: [
            Expression(
                None,
                Expression {
                    expr: ExternalCall(
                        Expression { expr: String("ls"), span: Span { start: 36961, end: 36963 }, ty: String, custom_completion: None },
                        [Expression { expr: String("-alh"), span: Span { start: 36964, end: 36968 }, ty: String, custom_completion: None }],
                        false
                    ),
                    span: Span { start: 36960, end: 36968 }, ty: Any, custom_completion: None }
            ),
            Expression(
                Some(Span { start: 36969, end: 36970 }),
                Expression {
                    expr: Call(Call {
                        decl_id: 202,
                        head: Span { start: 36971, end: 36975 },
                        arguments: [
                            Named((Spanned { item: "raw", span: Span { start: 36976, end: 36981 } }, None, None)),
                            Positional(Expression { expr: Filepath("a.txt"), span: Span { start: 36982, end: 36987 }, ty: String, custom_completion: None })
                        ],
                        redirect_stdout: true,
                        redirect_stderr: false,
                        parser_info: [] }
                    ),
                    span: Span { start: 36971, end: 36987 },
                    ty: Any,
                    custom_completion: None })
        ]
    }
]
```

It contains two elements:
1. first one is nushell expression, it contains external call with name "ls" and arguments "-alh"
2. second one is another nushell expression, it contains internal command, the command have declaration id 202(which is "save" command in our case), and a named argument called "raw", a positional argument with value "a.txt"

- Finally nushell will eval given block, during evaluation, it evaluates elements one by one.

## Reference source code:
1. [eval_source](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/blob/a9bdc655c1fdbad43e811db059bb502c86e16230/crates/nu-cli/src/util.rs#L200) function, it's the main entrypoint in repl.
2. [parse](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/blob/a9bdc655c1fdbad43e811db059bb502c86e16230/crates/nu-parser/src/parser.rs#L5983) function, as we look into the function body, we can see there are two function calls [lex](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/blob/a9bdc655c1fdbad43e811db059bb502c86e16230/crates/nu-parser/src/lex.rs#L286) and [parse_block](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/blob/a9bdc655c1fdbad43e811db059bb502c86e16230/crates/nu-parser/src/parser.rs#L5410).
3. parse_block function accepts lex tokens, and invoke [lite_parse](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/blob/a9bdc655c1fdbad43e811db059bb502c86e16230/crates/nu-parser/src/parser.rs#L5419) to parse from `tokens` to `LiteBlock`, then convert from `LiteBlock` to nushell `Block`.
4. Finally nushell call [eval_block](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/blob/a9bdc655c1fdbad43e811db059bb502c86e16230/crates/nu-cli/src/util.rs#L231) to evaluate `Block`.
